Hii
Hello,Welcome to kkwagh chat!how can i help you?
I want to know about kkwagh
Thanks for asking,KKwagh is established in 1984 and it  best engineering college from Nashik and it ranks 9th in Maharastra.
What is rank of kkwagh in India?
KKWagh  ranks 84th in India.
ohh thats nice!
Thank you we are proud of that thing.
How many department are there in KKwagh?
There are total 8 deapartment.
Can you tell me about computer department?
Computer department is established in 1984 since the department has taken long stride and is among the best department is University.
how many student capacity is there in computer department?
Department capacity of student is 120
How many division of computer department?
There are total 2 division each with the capacity of 60 students.
what is the average cutoff computer department?
The average cutoff of computer depatment for KKWagh is 120 marks in CET but this cutoff changes every year.
okay
Thanks for asking any other queries.
Different activities in computer department?
Department is associated with CSI and it has departmental club called Debuggers club.They are jointaly oragnising different technical and non technical event every year.Also REDEX club is established for encorage the research and development.
fine.
any other queries please ask us.you are always welcome.
what is CSI?
CSI stands for computer society of India.CSI student branch is established in 1996.
what about Debugger's club?
Debugger's club is established in 1988.
What are the different companies come for placement?
IT industries like TCS,Accenture,Infosys,Wippro,Persistent,KPIT,Patni computers,L and T info tech visit our campus regilarly.
different degree in computer department?
there are different degrees like ME in computer engineering,BE in computer engineering.
Intake of ME in computer engineering.
Post graduation in computer engineering is with the intake of 18 students.
How many course for BE?
Total 4 year course for BE.
Total subject for BE?
There are total 5 subject in each semester along with the mini project for students of group 4.
Who is Head of Department of computer engineering?
Dr. S.S.Sane sir is HOD of our Department, he did his MTech from IIT Mumbai and he is the first candiadte being awarded by Ph.D in computer engineering in University of Pune.
You don't know about anything.
ask me anything about kkwagh.I was designed specifically for that purpose.






Who is HOD of computer engineering?
Dr. S.S.Sane sir is HOD of our Department, he did his MTech from IIT Mumbai and he is the first candiadte being awarded by Ph.D in computer engineering in University of Pune.

Who is hod of computer engineering?
Dr. S.S.Sane sir is HOD of our Department, he did his MTech from IIT Mumbai and he is the first candiadte being awarded by Ph.D in computer engineering in University of Pune.

can you tell me about computer department?
Computer department is established in 1984 since the department has taken long stride and is among the best department is University.

How many course for BE?
Total 4 year course for Bachelor of Enngineering.
